Revisit Issue and PR templates (#807)
kyma-project/api-gateway: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

<!-- Explain why we should add this feature. Provide use cases to illustrate its benefits. -->

**DoD:**
- [ ] Provide unit and integration tests.
- [ ] Provide documentation.

> - [ ] Verify if the solution works for both open-source Kyma and SAP BTP Kyma runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify if the solution works for both open-source Kyma and SAP BTP, Kyma runtime.
```

> - [ ] If resource limits are changed explain why it was needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If you changed the resource limits, explain why it was needed.
```

> - [ ] Verify code coverage is improved or explain why if it did not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify that the code cover has not been lowered or explain why this was the case.
```

> - [ ] Verify code coverage is improved or explain why if it did not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify that your contributions don't decrease code coverage. If they do, explain why this is the case.
```

> - [ ] Add Release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Add release notes.
```
